Update 10_Security.md (#200)
silverstripe/cwp: docs/en/01_Working_with_projects/10_Security.md

### Login auto-completion

> By default the username of anyone who logs into the website is saved in their browser's autocomplete cache when logging into a website. This username, by default, is the email address. If necessary, the autocompletion by the browser can be disabled on the ‘Email’ field by setting `SilverStripe\Security\Security.remember_username`to false. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the username of anyone who logs into the website is saved in their browser's autocomplete cache when logging into a website. This username, by default, is the email address. If necessary, the autocompletion by the browser can be disabled on the 'Email' field by setting `SilverStripe\Security\Security.remember_username` to false. 
```

> This is done in your `app/_config/config.yml` file, by adding the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is done in your `app/_config/config.yml` file by adding the following:
```

```yaml
SilverStripe\Security\Security:
  remember_username: false
```
Note that if a user has already saved their username prior to changing this value, it may be necessary to reset their browser autocomplete history before this will take effect.

> This setting does not affect the behaviour of the browser’s built in password manager or third-party password manager auto-filling the stored credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting does not affect the behaviour of the browser's built in password manager or third-party password manager auto-filling the stored credentials.
```

Disabling the browser autocomplete functionality does make the email field more susceptible to malicious keyloggers capturing the email address/username.

> The password field has autocomplete from the browser’s autocomplete cache disabled by default for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The password field has autocomplete from the browser's autocomplete cache disabled by default for security reasons.
```
